#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.13
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
--extra-index-url https://www.piwheels.org/simple

-e file:.
    # via -r requirements.in
absl-py==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorboard
alabaster==1.0.0
    # via sphinx
ale-py==0.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stable-baselines3
alembic==1.16.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   optuna
anyio==4.10.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==25.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==25.1.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.5
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
autorom[accept-rom-license]==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
autorom-accept-rom-license==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   autorom
babel==2.17.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.13.5
    # via nbconvert
bleach[css]==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==2.0.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   autorom
    #   autorom-accept-rom-license
cloudpickle==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gymnasium
    #   stable-baselines3
colorlog==6.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   optuna
comm==0.2.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
debugpy==1.8.16
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distlib==0.4.0
    # via virtualenv
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
executing==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
farama-notifications==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gymnasium
fastjsonschema==2.21.2
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
    #   virtualenv
fonttools==4.59.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
fsspec==2025.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.74.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorboard
gymnasium==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   shimmy
    #   stable-baselines3
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via jupyterlab
identify==2.6.14
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-resources==6.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
ipykernel==6.30.1
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
ipython==9.5.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via ipython
ipywidgets==8.1.7
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   sphinx
    #   torch
json5==0.12.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.25.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2025.9.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.8.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.12.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.3.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.17.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.4.7
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.15
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
lark==1.2.2
    # via rfc3987-syntax
mako==1.3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
markdown==3.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorboard
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.10.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
    #   stable-baselines3
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdown-it-py
mistune==3.1.4
    # via nbconvert
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sympy
narwhals==2.4.0
    # via plotly
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.6
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbstripout
nbstripout==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via pre-commit
notebook==7.4.5
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==2.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ale-py
    #   contourpy
    #   gymnasium
    #   matplotlib
    #   opencv-python
    #   optuna
    #   pandas
    #   pink-noise-rl
    #   seaborn
    #   shimmy
    #   stable-baselines3
    #   tensorboard
opencv-python==4.12.0.88
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stable-baselines3
optuna==4.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   optuna
    #   plotly
    #   sphinx
    #   tensorboard
pandas==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
    #   stable-baselines3
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.5
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   stable-baselines3
    #   tensorboard
pink-noise-rl==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.4.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   virtualenv
plotly==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ply==3.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyomo
pre-commit==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.22.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.52
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==6.32.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorboard
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   stable-baselines3
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.23
    # via cffi
pygame==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stable-baselines3
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
pyomo==6.9.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==3.3.0
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-events
    #   optuna
    #   pre-commit
pyzmq==27.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
rainflow==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   autorom
    #   autorom-accept-rom-license
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   sphinx
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3987-syntax==1.1.0
    # via jsonschema
rich==14.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stable-baselines3
roman-numerals-py==3.1.0
    # via sphinx
rpds-py==0.27.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruff==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
shimmy[atari]==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
snowballstemmer==3.0.1
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.8
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==8.2.3
    # via
    #   sphinx-autodoc-typehints
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
sphinx-autodoc-typehints==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinx-rtd-theme==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sqlalchemy==2.0.43
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   optuna
stable-baselines3[extra]==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
sympy==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorboard==2.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stable-baselines3
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorboard
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via bleach
torch==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stable-baselines3
tornado==6.5.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   optuna
    #   stable-baselines3
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20250822
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   gymnasium
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.34.0
    # via pre-commit
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorboard
widgetsnbextension==4.0.14
    # via ipywidgets

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
